Get Active Blog Post (#129)
djangocon/2023.djangocon.us: _posts/2023-07-07-get-active.md

Once we send invitations to attendees to join the conference Slack instance (invitations will be sent out to ticket holders by Sunday, October 15), join the `#outings` channel if you'd like to join or plan a group exercise.

## At the hotel

The [Durham Marriott City Center](https://www.marriott.com/en-us/hotels/rducv-durham-marriott-city-center/experiences/) has a fitness center.

At the fitness center, you'll find:

- Cardiovascular Equipment
- Elliptical Machine(s)
- Exercise Bike(s)
- Stair Climber(s)
- Strength Equipment
- Treadmill(s)
- Weight Machines
- Yoga Mats, Medicine Balls, Weight Bench, Water Station

Most of the hotels nearby have a fitness center so make sure you check with your hotel if you're staying elsewhere.

## Walking/running/hiking/biking

City of [Durham Bike & Hike Map](https://www.durhamnc.gov/1031/Durham-Bike-Hike-Map) (GIS and PDF forms).

The [North/South Greenway](https://www.dprplaymore.org/265/North-South-Greenway) (7.5 miles of paved trail).

> The [American Tobacco Trail](https://triangletrails.org/american-tobacco-trail) (22 miles of rails to trails).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [American Tobacco Trail](https://triangletrails.org/american-tobacco-trail) has 22 miles of rails to trails that starts less than a mile from the hotel and continues south for 14 miles paved and 8 more of gravel after that.
```

Eno River park is a 20 minute drive from the hotel and has a lot of hiking trails. [Eno River Association](https://www.enoriver.org/explore/eno-river-state-park/) has a lot of information about the park and trails.

The [Rollingview Marina](https://www.rollingviewmarina.com/kayaks-canoes-paddle-boards/) at Falls Lake has paddle board, kayak, and canoe rentals. 

The town of Cary has a lot of greenways and parks. [Town of Cary Greenways](https://www.townofcary.org/recreation-enjoyment/parks-greenways-environment/greenways) and has boat and Kayak rentals at [Bond Park](https://www.townofcary.org/recreation-enjoyment/facilities/bond-park-boathouse).

The [Triangle Land Conservancy](https://www.triangleland.org/explore) has a lot of trails and preserves in the area.

The [Mountains to Sea Trail](https://mountainstoseatrail.org/the-trail/) runs through Durham if you really want to stretch your legs!

The [Riverwalk](https://www.hillsboroughnc.gov/community/recreation-facilities/riverwalk/) in Hillsborough is a nice walk in the woods.

## Bicycling

One rental shop nearby is [Durham Cycles](https://durhamcycles.com/rentals/).

> Some routes from a semi-defunct bike shop (lost their lease): [Ride with GPS](https://ridewithgps.com/users/526614/routes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some routes from a Durham bike shop which is looking for a new location: [Ride with GPS](https://ridewithgps.com/users/526614/routes).
```

> [Carolina Tarwheels](https://tarwheels.net/wp/) (great name, btw): road riding group with a bunch of routes published from various start points.

Author: But it was funny!

> The [Triangle MTB](https://www.trianglemtb.com/index.php) site is a good (albeit outdated) hub for MTB stuff in the area. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Triangle MTB](https://www.trianglemtb.com/index.php) site is a good (albeit outdated) hub for mountain biking resources in the area. 
```
